This is The Technical Difficulties, we play Citation Needed.
With me today, he reads books you know, Chris Joel!
I fade quickly!
Everyone's favorite Gary Brannan, Gary Brannan!
Well, I have a tanker of whipped cream but the pump is broken.
The bastiest man on the internet, Matt Gray!
'Ello YouTube!
Ve'domme.
I have an article from Wikipedia for me and these people can not see it.
Each correct fact gives a point and a count [TING].
And there is a prize for exceptionally good answers and that is ...
And today we talk about Victor Lustig.
On the French 'Top Gear', how do they report that the Stig has won?
Victor Le Stig!
Ayy!
Can I have a vote for Mr. here? Is that a 'golfers applause' or 'cookies'?
- That's not a cookie. -It is not a cookie.
It is not a cookie. It is really not a cookie.
Oh, my best, that's fine.
Ah! I was hoping that it would be a lusty gentleman.
Victor Lust-ig!
Oohrg!
Lusty is not correct, but he certainly had an interesting life.
Was he lively?
Sorry, are you just telling me that someone named Victor Lustig had an 'interesting life'?
Yes
With such a name, is not that on the card?
Oh, he has had many kinds of tickets printed. For many kinds of business.
Was he a spy?
Ooh no. More to the dark side of those arts?
Was he a night spy?
--No - With Patrick Moore (English astronomer)
Imitator?
Imitator ... is not precise enough.
I need something more laffer.
Was he a bulky womanizer?
Crook?
Crook! [TING] Is exactly the word I was looking for!
That is why he had the tickets for different identities
Different identities, different jobs,
he was one of the most successful scammers of all time
wait a minute, is this the guest who sold the eiffel tower?
[TING] [MISTERY BISCUITS!]
OK, he won.
We can all go home!
He is therefore the guest who sold the Eiffel Tower
you miss an important word at the end of your sentence
Several times...
Twice
Yes, correctly, Victor Lustig is the man who sold the Eiffel Tower twice
Is it worn at the bottom?
is he worn .... you know, I'll give you a point
go away..
I'm making a joke here
go away!
Sold!
Lifting on one side ... nailing tightly, and polishing ...
I mean what ...
what kind of handle do you want on that Eiffel Tower? Are you going to run on ice?
I'll give you a point [TING]
In 1925 he was no longer used and ready for demolition
He was built for ...
It was something like the Millenium Dome, built as a temporary thing, part of an exhibition
To show that the French could build a big penis to heaven
because let's face it, that's what towers are ... I have a bigger one than you!
It was a temporary thing, was not it?
Everyone thought he would be taken away again to make room
for the patisserie or something like that ..
Yes, but if they would bring him down, what would they sell him for?
Scrap!
Blackpool!
Get your blackpool parts here!
the mayor of blackpool is on ..
"It has come to my attention that there is a tower like ours.
this tower has entered the market and I have been able to get it off the market for a reasonable price. "
Does he have a ballroom?
No, no ballroom or circus, unfortunately not at the top, which always disappoints me
Because that seems hilarious to me
I want to see an elephant walking around the top on top of a beach ball
on a glass ball?
Yes, that would be great fun!
or a lift opens, and a mass of clowns comes out
You are right, they would sell him as scrap
How would you sell the Eiffel Tower?
You approach someone very quietly, who is A) quite stupid and B) has a lot of money ...
And you say ...
..how is his name ... Jones, looked at this ... And I think you want him ..
You get another point Matt [TING],
for he invited 6 scrap dealers to the same meeting, and said:
I am from the French government, here is my ticket, and the paperwork
Who wants to buy the Eiffel Tower?
You do not want Michel to get him, you can buy it, you can become rich of it
Michel the scrap dealer
Some guest from Rotherham arrives with a car and says:
"I can load it all for the lowest bid!"
OK, give me a robust French name
Jaques
Oh .... that's true
F * CK
He arranged a limousine for all 6
and drove them around, and determined who was the most enthusiastic and gullible
can anyone here gamble ..
what was the name of the person he selected? And this is not as difficult as it seems
Michel
Jaques
André and the surname is a French word that you learn at school for ..
Gare
Bonjour
Something you take with fries
Frites
Mule
Cheval
That's a horse
Horse and French Fries
Mhhh
la Plage
What? that's the beach
That's where you eat them
What the hell are you eating with fries !?
Piscine
That is the wrong word! that's a swimming pool!
poisson
poisson [TING]
André Poisson
André Piscine
Bonjour, your suis Andrew Swimming Pool
Is it Gary?
We killed him!
Oh god, I want to order that!
Le piscine! sil vous plait
Sorry France
André Poisson
so not André Piscine
André Poisson did listen to it
Someone in his area almost prevented the deal
His wife!?
[TING] Yes, Poissons wife
thought it suspicious
Smart, smart ..
the deal was too fast and too secret
The thing that caught her attention was the absence of the "For Sale" sign
on the side of the Eiffel Tower
Yes
It was not on the news
How does a scammer deal with being almost unmasked?
By lighting her up
By courting her [translation woo]
what, like a ghost?
whooohooohooo
Sorry!
aha ...
I am the spirit of Monsignor Eiffel, and I want you to buy my tower
Did he tie her to the top? And he got big ...
and turns dots on his mustache ...
Let a train drive up the side ..
Let a zeppelin slowly come closer.
No?
Paid her?
He admitted
with a completely false statement ..
that he was a Minister who tried to be bribed
aaahhhh
What did that mean for what he got
A smaller part?
More the opposite!
A larger part?
Here, a point [TING]
He got the money,
What color is a red fire truck?
Lusty got the money for the eiffel tower,
and the kickback
Good work, my lord
He took a train to Vienna with a suitcase full of money
That is the way to do it!
in the France between the wars. How else? with a suitcase with money.
And you can leave the city without being seen
That is obviously the least striking way to pay someone
handing over a suitcase with millions of francs
Thank you, I step in this waiting train right next to me ..
Here are the keys
From my garage ...
from the tower, because towers have keys, remember that
Yes
And the floor plans are inside. dove!
Light a cigar with a new money bill
What happened next?
I think he arrived with the cutting torch,
and started at the foot ... and someone sent him away
Euh, no, no
He checked it with the government?
Euhm ... maybe
Does it sound like this is the type of man who would check that?
After he had already bought him without having to check before?
all of a sudden .... Now it's time to ..
What would you do..
If you are scammed for such a large sum of money?
I would .. I do not admit that
one point [TING]
Nothing happened
Poisson was so humbled that he did not go to the police.
That's kind of like going to the desk and saying: I'm a *** idiot
Yep!
This man approached me if I wanted to buy this large, well-known national building
For a ridiculously low amount
do not ask questions!
He said, do not ask questions ... so I did not,
oh, and I gave him a bribe
Oh, yes, I gave him a pile of money and he got on a train, and he can be anywhere now!
You have to do something about this!
Where was Lustig a month later?
Was he still in Paris?
To sell him again?
Both a point! [TING] [TING]
You are right, he still had six scrap dealers in a room in Paris
And he did the same trick again
He did not go for the "Hat Trick" right?
No, he could not do that anymore
He was robbed? He was caught?
Not really ... he managed to prevent arrest
One of the traders found him and broke his knees?
One of the dealers ... One of them knew the other one.
No, I give this point to Chris [TING] A scrap merchant went to the police
with the false contract, and puzzled out what happened
But Poisson managed to get out of the city and avoid arrest
mhhh, yes
This is the story of the man who sold the Eiffel Tower twice
But there are still a lot of scammers' tricks that he did
What was his "money printing machine" for example?
A machine that could print money?
WRONG!
A person?
No, it is a machine
.. who did not print money
One point [TING] He printed very badly, and sold the machine to others
who wanted to do this ..
All right, another point [TING]
Ha! Totally correct.
So he probably has a machine from which money came from
he then sold the machine and supplied a copier or something similar
It was just a box
How long did this box cost 100 dollars?
exactly as long as it takes for someone on the other side to push the note out?
You are .. A kind of Turing test
As long as it takes to leave the city?
As long as it takes to take the train to Vienna? Again.
You get the point, this time with a boat [TING]
He went up and down with the Transatlantic ferries
and while entering New York he gave ..
a statement to someone that he had a money-making machine
and he printed a $ 100 note, but that took about 6 hours.
How? how can a machine need 6 hours to get a ...
because this was a long time ago
it is very difficult, the machine has to do everything
and, for 6 hours a $ 100 note came from the machine
and then the beginning of the next
And he said: it takes so long, I really want to sell the machine.
so it's actually two normal $ 100 tricks, is not it?
yeah, the machine spits two $ 100 notes, and then only blank paper by the time he's gone.
Oh, for God's sake, people ...
Oh, the ink is gone. I can also sell you
Was his last name coincidentally Hewlett-Packard?
What, the printing ink?
Yes
I also sell the ink for a ridiculously high amount
There was also the "black dollar" scam. or money laundering
Does anyone know how that works?
Is that something like invisible ink?
No, the opposite
Is it visible ink?
I keep giving points for obvious things
Was it invisible, this?
yes, Matt, a point [TING], please
I like that binary point system here.
He simply drew up an Eiffel Tower somewhere and tried to sell it.
Oh ... did he try to use banknotes that had been invalidated by the bank or something?
Yes, that is the [TING]. A suitcase full of dyed money.
Yes,
With the idea that he sells the chemicals to clean it for a fraction of the value.
And he demonstrated that on the few hundred dollar bills that he sent in advance ...
had worked for these chemicals
And then it works .. But the rest is ..
you have it all right [TING], just painted paper
Or, they need more expensive chemicals.
Of course!
Again, just like printing
At work, a while back, someone tried something similar, not as a scammer, but ..
They lived abroad and wanted to pay for a number of services. So she sent us a copy ..
of two £ 5 notes.
As if that would work as a payment
Is that scam? Or is that just ...
If you could do that ... You would not need money, would you?
A fiver and ..
I felt like sending back a drawing of 20 pence change
Yes, he was also a member of a scammer group that printed counterfeit money
that was a lot easier in the 1930s.
He was arrested by agents in 1935. Who linked him?
After all this operational safety. After all this ...
His wife! I just wanted to say, his wife.
His mistress. [TING]
Arrghhh!
Yes, his handling of romance was just like his scam.
He had several women and one of them became jealous and betrayed him.
Was she the Statue of Liberty?
He was immediately arrested. She opened his suitcase, and found?
Money!?
No, expensive clothes. And a key.
The key fitted to a safe. She opened the safe and, what was in it?
Money! Narnia!
Mr. Tumnus ... with money!
A fake Mr. Tumnus.
But if you wash him, he is actually two $ 100 notes in a box.
No, you're absolutely right, fake money. [TING]
$ 51,000 false money, more than enough to convict him.
Look, that's because you obviously do not have $ 51,000 bills.
A note!
"5, 1, 0, 0, 0 ..."
"I sell him for 50 backs, friend!"
Only he had notes of toilet paper
Stayed. taken to court, he known debt. What happened the day before his trial?
He fled?
Yes! He managed to escape. I wanted to say...
A point [TING]
It turned out that his confession ... was not real.
They have washed the confession and after that there was "innocent". I am on the train to Vienna!
again!
And they said the man in the court was actually a photo on a piece of cardboard.
That falls over at the end.
How did he do this ?!
He managed to escape from the Federal House of Detention.
that Is either a prison or a ... Brothel!
Yes, I thought a good nightclub
Or a very strict school.
And he left the city. He took a train, presumably to Pittsburgh,
and they grabbed him ...
almost four weeks later.
But,
unfortunately it ends for him in Alcatraz, with pneumonia.
But what ... Oh!
Was it really pneumonia? .. did he try to sell to the other prisoners?
What was on his death certificate as his profession?
Was it just the dollar sign?
Git!
Banker?
You know what, I'll give you the point, It was a student salesman.
Yes ... [TING]
That's about it.
Alternative: broker.
Striking!
So congratulations, Matt, you win this week
Jee!
Congratulations, you win a Formula One champion steel kettle.
It is Sebastian Vettel's metal kettle.
Good. I want tea!
And with that we say thank you to Chris Joel,
Gary Brannan,
Matt Gray,
I was Tom Scott, until next time! [translation: Wouter Weggelaar]